## Welcome to the Macroeconomic Forecasting Platform

The Macroeconomic Forecasting Platform is a software platform running on top of Matlab (Dynare) for estimating and comparing the forecasting performance of various DSGE and time-series models. It features a graphical user interface for efficiently setting up estimating and forecasting options for the model you choose.

This documentation describes how to [install](installation_requirements) and [use](using_platform) the platform, and [explains the output](output) generated by the platform in details.

It also provides instructions on how to [incorporate your own DSGE models into the platform](adding_model), and how to compare the forecasting outcomes across various models.

Read the updated online documentation at [???](https://www.google.com)

If you have any questions, please send us an email at <???@???.com>

!!! Note
	At the moment the only operating system the platform can be applied to is Windows, and we are currently working on to make the platform compatible for MacOS and Linux as well.

### Major advantages

**Rich models to estimate**

The platform can generate forecasting outcomes based on estimated DSGE models and on time-series models. It currently includes three canonical New-Keynesian models (Rotemberg and Woodford, 1997; Smets and Wouters, 2007; and Del Negro et al., 2015). It also offers two Bayesian VAR models with the Minnesota priors and the GLP priors.

**Rich data to choose**

The platform already includes the a rich set of macroeconomic data for estimation, which not only saves users the time for manually collecting data, it can also guarantee that the difference in models forecasts will never come from the difference in data collection.

<p id='observables'>There are currently eight observables for users to choose:</p>

- Real output growth
- Consumption growth
- Investment growth
- Real wage growth
- Hours worked
- Inflation measured by the GDP deflator
- Federal Funds Rate
- Credit spread

These data ranges from 1960:Q1 to 2017:Q4, and it includes both real time data and revised data for different time vintages. Moreover, one could even augment the data by including SPF nowcast of tge observables when estimating a model.

**Rich options to specify** 

There are bunch of options for users to specify in model estimation and forecasts generation. The DSGE model can be estimated via either mode estimation or Metropolis-Hasting estimation techniques, and users also have the freedom to specify data spans in two different ways: by selecting the expanding series option, one simply needs to specify the date of the first observation, and by selecting the rolling window option, one simply needs to specify the length of the data.

**Rich results to analyze**

The platform will produce model forecasts based on the specific model and options you choose, and it will compare this result with forecasts generated by other models with other options for respective vintages. In addition, it can also plot and compare impulse response functions based on the Bayesian IRF, as well as historical variance decompositions on the most recent vintage.

**User-friendly graphical interface**

The graphical interface makes the above choices fast, simple and clear.
